README.md, before:

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20License%202.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/apprenda/kismatic.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/apprenda/kismatic)
[![Slackin](http://slack.kismatic.com/badge.svg)](http://slack.kismatic.com/)

# Kismatic Enterprise Toolkit (KET): Design, Deployment and Operations System for Production Kubernetes Clusters

<img src="https://github.com/apprenda/kismatic/raw/master/docs/logo/KET_logo.png" width="500" />

## Introduction

KET is a set of production-ready defaults and best practice tools for creating enterprise-tuned Kubernetes clusters. KET was built to make it simple for organizations who fully manage their own infrastructure to deploy and run secure, highly-available Kubernetes installations with built-in sane defaults for scalable cross-cluster networking, distributed tracing, circuit-breaking, request-level routing, cluster health-checking and much more!

KET operational tools include:

1. [`Kismatic CLI`](docs/install.md)
   * Command-line control plane and lifecycle tool for installing and configuring Kubernetes on provisioned infrastructure.
2. [`Kismatic Inspector`](cmd/kismatic-inspector/README.md)
   * Cluster health and validation utility for assuring that software and network configurations of cluster nodes are correct when installing Kubernetes.
3. [`Kuberang`](https://github.com/apprenda/kuberang)
   * Cluster build verification to ensure networking and scaling work as intended. This tool is used to smoke-test a newly built cluster.
4. [`Kismatic Provision`](https://github.com/apprenda/kismatic-provision)
   * Quickly provision infrastructure on public clouds such as AWS and Packet. Makes building demo and development clusters a 2-step process.

## Components
| Component | Version |
| --- | --- |
| Kubernetes | v1.9.3 |
| Docker | v17.03.2.ce |
| Etcd (for Kubernetes) | v3.1.10 |
| Etcd (for Calico & Contiv) | v3.1.10 |
| Calico | v2.6.8 |
| Weave | v2.2.0 |
| Contiv | v1.1.1 |
| KubeDNS | 1.14.8 |
| CoreDNS | 1.0.6 |
| Nginx Ingress Controller | 0.11.0 |
| Helm | v2.8.1 |


[Download KET here](https://github.com/apprenda/kismatic/releases)

## Supported Operating Systems
- RHEL 7.4
- CentOS 7.3
- Ubuntu 16.04.3

# Usage Documentation

[Full Documentation](docs/README.md) -- Index of all the documentation

[Installation Overview](docs/install.md) -- Instructions on using KET to install a Kubernetes cluster.

[Upgrading Your Cluster](docs/upgrade.md) -- Instructions on using KET to upgrade your Kubernetes cluster.

[Plan File Reference](docs/plan-file-reference.md) -- Reference documentaion for the KET plan file.

[Cluster Examples](docs/intent.md) -- Examples for various ways you can use KET in your organization.

[CNI Providers](docs/networking.md) -- Information about the supported CNI providers by KET.

[Add Ons](docs/add_ons.md) -- Information about the Add-Ons supported by KET.

[Kismatic CLI](https://github.com/apprenda/kismatic/tree/master/docs/kismatic-cli) -- Dynamically generated documentation for the Kismatic CLI.

# Development Documentation

[How to Build KET](docs/development/BUILDING.md)

[How to Contribute to KET](docs/development/CONTRIBUTING.md)

[Running Integration Tests](docs/development/INTEGRATION_TESTING.md)

[KET Code of Conduct](docs/development/code-of-conduct.md)

[KET Release Process](docs/development/RELEASE.md)

# Basic Installation Instructions
Use the `kismatic install` command to work through installation of a cluster. The installer expects the underlying infrastructure to be accessible via SSH using Public Key Authentication.

The installation consists of three phases:

1. **Plan**: `kismatic install plan`
   1. The installer will ask basic questions about the intent of your cluster.
   2. The installer will produce a `kismatic-cluster.yaml` which you will edit to capture your intent.
2. **Provision**
   1. You provision your own machines
   2. You tweak your network
   3. Review the installation plan in `kismatic-cluster.yaml` and add information for each node.
3. **Install**: `kismatic install apply`
   1. The installer checks your provisioned infrastructure against your intent.
   2. If the installation plan is valid, Kismatic will build you a cluster.
   3. After installation, Kismatic performs a basic test of scaling and networking on the cluster

### Using your cluster

KET automatically configures and deploys [Kubernetes Dashboard](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/ui/) in your new cluster. Open the link provided at the end of the installation in your browser to use it.

Simply use the `kismatic dashboard` command to open the dashboard

During installation Kismatic generates a [kubeconfig file](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubeconfig-file/) in `generated/dashboard-admin-kubeconfig` with admin access, use that file or [create your own](https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard/wiki/Creating-sample-user) RBAC backed users to access the dashboard.

The installer also generates a [kubeconfig file](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubeconfig-file/) in `generated/kubeconfig` required for [kubectl](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/). Instructions are provided at the end of the installation on how to use it.

Commit message:

Basic dockerization changes to build, CI, and core functionality.

README.md, after:

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20License%202.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/apprenda/kismatic.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/apprenda/kismatic)
[![Slackin](http://slack.kismatic.com/badge.svg)](http://slack.kismatic.com/)

# Kismatic Enterprise Toolkit (KET): Design, Deployment and Operations System for Production Kubernetes Clusters

<img src="https://github.com/apprenda/kismatic/raw/master/docs/logo/KET_logo.png" width="500" />

## Introduction

KET is a set of production-ready defaults and best practice tools for creating enterprise-tuned Kubernetes clusters. KET was built to make it simple for organizations who fully manage their own infrastructure to deploy and run secure, highly-available Kubernetes installations with built-in sane defaults for scalable cross-cluster networking, distributed tracing, circuit-breaking, request-level routing, cluster health-checking and much more!

KET operational tools include:

1. [`Kismatic CLI`](docs/install.md)
   * Command-line control plane and lifecycle tool for installing and configuring Kubernetes on provisioned infrastructure.
2. [`Kismatic Inspector`](cmd/kismatic-inspector/README.md)
   * Cluster health and validation utility for assuring that software and network configurations of cluster nodes are correct when installing Kubernetes.
3. [`Kuberang`](https://github.com/apprenda/kuberang)
   * Cluster build verification to ensure networking and scaling work as intended. This tool is used to smoke-test a newly built cluster.
4. [`Kismatic Provision`](https://github.com/apprenda/kismatic-provision)
   * Quickly provision infrastructure on public clouds such as AWS and Packet. Makes building demo and development clusters a 2-step process.

## Components
| Component | Version |
| --- | --- |
| Kubernetes | v1.9.3 |
| Docker | v17.03.2.ce |
| Etcd (for Kubernetes) | v3.1.10 |
| Etcd (for Calico & Contiv) | v3.1.10 |
| Calico | v2.6.8 |
| Weave | v2.2.0 |
| Contiv | v1.1.1 |
| KubeDNS | 1.14.8 |
| CoreDNS | 1.0.6 |
| Nginx Ingress Controller | 0.11.0 |
| Helm | v2.8.1 |


[Download KET here](https://github.com/apprenda/kismatic/releases)

## Supported Operating Systems
- RHEL 7.4
- CentOS 7.3
- Ubuntu 16.04.3

# Usage Documentation

[Full Documentation](docs/README.md) -- Index of all the documentation

[Installation Overview](docs/install.md) -- Instructions on using KET to install a Kubernetes cluster.

[Upgrading Your Cluster](docs/upgrade.md) -- Instructions on using KET to upgrade your Kubernetes cluster.

[Plan File Reference](docs/plan-file-reference.md) -- Reference documentaion for the KET plan file.

[Cluster Examples](docs/intent.md) -- Examples for various ways you can use KET in your organization.

[CNI Providers](docs/networking.md) -- Information about the supported CNI providers by KET.

[Add Ons](docs/add_ons.md) -- Information about the Add-Ons supported by KET.

[Kismatic CLI](https://github.com/apprenda/kismatic/tree/master/docs/kismatic-cli) -- Dynamically generated documentation for the Kismatic CLI.

# Development Documentation

[How to Build KET](docs/development/BUILDING.md)

[How to Contribute to KET](docs/development/CONTRIBUTING.md)

[Running Integration Tests](docs/development/INTEGRATION_TESTING.md)

[KET Code of Conduct](docs/development/code-of-conduct.md)

[KET Release Process](docs/development/RELEASE.md)

# Basic Installation Instructions
Use the `kismatic install` command to work through installation of a cluster. The installer expects the underlying infrastructure to be accessible via SSH using Public Key Authentication.

The installation consists of three phases:

1. **Plan**: `kismatic install plan`
   1. The installer will ask basic questions about the intent of your cluster.
   2. The installer will produce a `kismatic-cluster.yaml` which you will edit to capture your intent.
2. **Provision**: `kismatic install provision`
   1. Kismatic provisions your machines using Terraform
   2. Review the HCL config in `providers` to see the specifics.
   3. Review the installation plan in `kismatic-cluster.yaml` and add information for each node.
3. **Install**: `kismatic install apply`
   1. The installer checks your provisioned infrastructure against your intent.
   2. If the installation plan is valid, Kismatic will build you a cluster.
   3. After installation, Kismatic performs a basic test of scaling and networking on the cluster

## Using Kismatic with Docker.

### Using the CLI

The basic installation instructions still apply. The entrypoint to the container is the binary itself. Please note that the container itself does not have persistent storage, so you need a volume mount to preserve your plan file, ssh keys, terraform state, etc.
`docker run -itv $(pwd):/root/kismatic/clusters apprenda/kismatic`
If you're looking to provide your own terraform config, you need to add a volume for that as well.
I.E.:
`docker run -itv $(pwd):/root/kismatic/clusters -v path_to_dir_with_HCL:/root/kismatic/providers/your_provider_name_here apprenda/kismatic`
Please note that the path needs to be the parent directory (that is, the result of if you `pwd` in the location of the scripts).

### Using KET-server 

KET 2.0 now ships with a different operating mode, allowing you to use Kismatic as an HTTP server.
`docker run -itv $(pwd):/root/kismatic/ -p HOST_PORT:8080 apprenda/kismatic server --insecure-disable-tls`
If you want to run KET with TLS, `docker run -itv $(pwd):/root/kismatic/ -p HOST_PORT:8443 apprenda/kismatic server --cert-file PATH_TO_CERT --key-file PATH_TO_KEY`. Please note, you may have to change the volume mapping if the cert and key are not in the working directory. 

### Using your cluster

KET automatically configures and deploys [Kubernetes Dashboard](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/ui/) in your new cluster. Open the link provided at the end of the installation in your browser to use it.

Simply use the `kismatic dashboard` command to open the dashboard

During installation Kismatic generates a [kubeconfig file](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubeconfig-file/) in `generated/dashboard-admin-kubeconfig` with admin access, use that file or [create your own](https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard/wiki/Creating-sample-user) RBAC backed users to access the dashboard.

The installer also generates a [kubeconfig file](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubeconfig-file/) in `generated/kubeconfig` required for [kubectl](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/). Instructions are provided at the end of the installation on how to use it.
